clarify code extension bullets (#7937)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_install-dbt-extension.md

The [dbt extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbtLabsInc.dbt&ssr=false#overview) for VS Code and Cursor, powered by the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />, streamlines dbt development workflows. 

## Prerequisites

To use the extension, you must meet the following prerequisites:

- <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> &mdash; The [dbt extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbtLabsInc.dbt&ssr=false#overview) requires the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />. Installing the extension prompts for installation of the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />. You can also [manually install](/docs/fusion/install-fusion) it at any time, before or after installing the extension.
- Editor &mdash; You're using the [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) or [Cursor](https://www.cursor.com/en) code editor.

> - Operating systems &mdash; You're using a macOS, Windows, or Linux-based computer.

Author: ```suggestion
- Operating systems &mdash; You're using a macOS, Windows, or Linux-based computer. 
```

> The [dbt extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbtLabsInc.dbt&ssr=false#overview) for VS Code and Cursor streamlines dbt development workflows. The dbt extension is powered by the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />.

Author: ```suggestion
The [dbt extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbtLabsInc.dbt&ssr=false#overview) for VS Code and Cursor, powered by the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />, streamlines dbt development workflows. 
```

## Prerequisites

To use the extension, you must meet the following prerequisites:

> - <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> &mdash; The [dbt extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbtLabsInc.dbt&ssr=false#overview) requires the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />. Installing the extension automatically installs the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />. You can also [manually install](/docs/fusion/install-fusion) it at any time, before or after installing the extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> &mdash; The [dbt extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbtLabsInc.dbt&ssr=false#overview) requires the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />. Installing the extension prompts for installation of the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />. You can also [manually install](/docs/fusion/install-fusion) it at any time, before or after installing the extension.
```

> - dbt Fusion engine &mdash; The [dbt extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbtLabsInc.dbt&ssr=false#overview) requires the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />. Installing the extension automatically installs the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />. You can also [manually install](/docs/fusion/install-fusion) it at any time, before or after installing the extension.

Author: ```suggestion
- <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> &mdash; The [dbt extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbtLabsInc.dbt&ssr=false#overview) requires the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />. Installing the extension automatically installs the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />. You can also [manually install](/docs/fusion/install-fusion) it at any time, before or after installing the extension.
```

- Editor &mdash; You're using the [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) or [Cursor](https://www.cursor.com/en) code editor.

> - Disabled third-party dbt extensions &mdash; You aren't using (or have disabled) third-party dbt extensions.

Reviewer: We should actually remove this
```suggestion
```
